[singlehtml] add docname to section anchor to make them unique (#13739)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

  Patch by Adam Turner.
* #13805: LaTeX: add support for ``fontawesome7`` package.
  Patch by Jean-François B.
* #13739: singlehtml builder: append the docname to ids with format
  ``/<docname>/#<id>``, to ensure uniqueness. For example, ``id3`` becomes

>   ``/path/to/doc/#id3``. This is a breaking change since it alters the format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``/path/to/doc/#id3``. This will break existing hyperlinks to `singlehtml` HTML documents since it alters the format
```
